# MAP_REDUCE_DICTIONARY
Yihan Zhou; zhou1298; 5547186 Compile and Run 1) Open terminal and navigate to the project folder 2) Compile with the following command /PA1 $ make Then we got all the needed class files (“make clean” to clean all the class files) 3) Run Compute Node There is a file called “params.txt” in the project folder which is used to store the compute node info. ​This file will be read by the Server program​ in the next step. Each line stands for one compute node in the system in the pair format like &lt;localhost,9091>. We need to make sure the info in the param.txt matches the actual running compute nodes to avoid the possible exceptions​. For [Time Delay], it is in milliseconds. Run Compute Node on different terminals: 1) navigate to the project folder 2) Example: ​/PA1 $ java -cp ".:/usr/local/Thrift/*" ComputeNode 9091 0.5 3000 4) Run Server After setting up the “params.txt” file mentioned in the previous step, we can run Server. For the [Policy], 1 is random policy and 2 is load-balancing policy. 1) navigate to the project folder 2) ​/PA1 $ java -cp ".:/usr/local/Thrift/*" Server [Port] [Policy] Example: ​/PA1 $ java -cp ".:/usr/local/Thrift/*" Server 9090 1 5) Run Client After Server and Compute Node are running, we can submit the job. 1) navigate to the project folder 2) ​/PA1 $ java -cp ".:/usr/local/Thrift/*" Client [ServerIP] [ServerPort] [Input Directory] Example: ​/PA1 $ java -cp ".:/usr/local/Thrift/*" Client localhost 9090 input_dir Note: 1) ​We assume input_dir, intermediate_dir and output_dir are already in the same directory with all the executable files​. 2) Thrift file is already generated. Do not need to generate them again. (We left thrift files in the folder for grading reason)
